oh and the violent kids TV show aash
Tesla don't my dad come in if we need to
change them he will break up a saison
quatrain here and I'll a midget picking
a big woman um oh actually he has a
parental block on it but you know we
know the curse which is the mums pissed
they're working at that girl's email
Billy's gonna come oh god there's gonna
cut her something
oh yes he is
oh yeah you go go friend Jia's oh well
he's gone fast whoa boy mr. boots - well
she can brought out the hairline her BP
the work at speedo
Oh so I can't he tell his mama business
oh my god mom come with me
no that boy had too much caffeine he
didn't take his meds today that's why so
fast you know dog oh my god it moves to
her power so it's not talking on the
phone well pickle part still recording
yeah they're on the plane I get oh
they're on a plane they go look at that
look about what that guy's whoa
we're gonna get shot down so low they
just blew a cloud I wish I could do that
mommy tell from Josh Indiana golf
niner-niner I know this that like the
other moon kid all right
she got a costume today
then Walter you're talking to our cell
ultra CI coffee
oh yeah must wanna change it to her spit
on watch mixing you know did it work oh
they're gonna be it's gonna be kids on
board which may well be in the OB yep
we cannot chore faces drag our laughs oh
my gosh here comes our daddy shuttle oh
yeah you're good nothing nothing nothing
at all oh you're watching Disney Channel
well no we're not